Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

I am applying for Financial Aid because I am not earning right now, and currently, I am completing my bachelor's with an education loan. The fees of my college is 1,755.79USDper sem, So for 4 years (i.e 8 sem) the total college fees is 14,046.32USD. The interest of the education loan is 140.46 USD per sem.
My family has only a single earning member i.e my father and the annual income of my family is  6,320.84USD in which we have to manage the studies of two children, myself and my sister and all other house expenses. Therefore, it is very difficult for me to ask for money for an extra course and also for him to provide me with some extra courses. Also, my college is away from my hometown so I have to manage house rents and other expenses. My sister is studying Charted accountancy which also requires a decent amount of money and to manage both i.e  B.Tech and CA studies is a quite big deal with such small family income.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? 

This course is very important for me to increase my knowledge in the field of data science. Deeplearning plays a very important role today in nearly every field of research and also it is in hype from the past few years, therefore, increasing my knowledge in deeplearning would surely give me and my career a major boost and will help me, land to a great future. This course covers nearly all topics which are needed to get understand the core of deeplearning and not just the upper creamy layers and as today for diving deep into research one should have deep knowledge of the topic on which he/she is doing research and I myself is very much inclined towards research field therefore for my future research works this course would surely play an important role. And also this course is guided by Andrew ng who is a living legend especially for us new buds. The way he explains the concepts makes the topic look simple and understandable. Therefore, completing deeplearning under his guidance is a blessing for me.

if answer no, why?

As mentioned above, I already have a burden of education loan on me and also my family has a single earning member therefore I won't be able to manage even a low-interest. 



tech

Being a computer science student this course is very important for me to increase my knowledge and especially when the course is guided by Google. Understanding the basic IT tools is very important today as it helps to understand the core of machines and how they work at the elementary level, therefore, increasing my knowledge in deeplearning would surely give me and my career a major boost and will help me, land to a great future. This course covers nearly all topics that are needed to get understand the core of Technical and for achieving a good position in the technology industry one should have a strong foundation of bits and bytes of the technical area and this helps to get a strong foundation of the same, and also getting a completion certificate from google is big deal. Therefore, completing this course would surely help me to land into a great IT future with ease

non tech

This course is very important for me because in few years I would have to apply to some companies and for that, I should have a strong grip on my English but as I come from India and that too from north of India, therefore, I don't have English as my native language and I currently I am not able to speak English with full proficiency, And for my future interviews I have to have present the best for myself and have to show them why I am capable of that position and I will not digest if would not be able to present myself with low self-esteem and confidence because of my English speaking skills. Therefore, completing these specialization courses for English will surely help me and will give a major boost to my career. And as this course is provided by Georgia tech. this makes this course more valuable as getting a certificate from a prestigious institute will always count on your side.